For that in the off page component we're of course looking at on submit and they're first of all I'll
check if form valid is false if this is false then I'll just return.
I'm not sure how you made it here.
Maybe you manually enabled the button through the developer tools but you certainly shouldn't get here
so you can proceed on the form as invalid.
If we make it past as if check then we know the form is valid and then we can extract the email by simply
accessing forum value and then there will be an email property available because we named our form control
email here with this name attribute.
The same for a password because we named this password down there.
We'll have a password property available to extract the password form value password here.
Now I want to check if this is log in because if we are in log in mode then we later want to send a
request to log in servers with our email and password and else we want to send a request to sign up
servers for the moment of course.
We do need her off that I will just console locked email and password we entered like that will add
real authentication logic in the authentication module of this course though.
No worries so back here let me open a console to see what I get US output and I'll add a e-mail address
here and I'll add a password here and actually I see that the min length here is not really taken into
account.
That is not working as it should.
And the reason for that is that I named the directive incorrectly here should be Min length with a lowercase
L not with an opera case.
My bad.
So let's wait for that to reload and let's try that again.
Email of course still works.
And now you're a you see that's also still invalid.
Until I entered all these six characters so five characters here six characters here.
So that looks good.
If I log in we see the output here and then we proceed.
Perfect.
So that's the off indication form for now.
Let's proceed with the form that allows us to book an event.